Adding an official to the prince is my prosperous age
In front of you all today
There is my teacher, Mr. Fang, who personally added officials to the prince
Mr. Zhenfa added an official to the prince
Mr. Fang?
His Majesty's minister refused to add an official to the prince
Mr. Fang, this is no child's play
Your Majesty
The prince has no ink and no skills
The aggression that increased his position and humiliated his ministers
Chen Ning refused to obey
Legal history is also correct
I have never seen the prince read
Mr. Fang is known as the saint of the Lu family
Ask him to give a view of an ignorant family
I'm afraid I can calm my anger better than killing him
The minister also did not read poetry for the Prince of Great Xia
A tyrant who only kills ministers
Such a person cannot be a traitor to my building
Prince Fang Xiaopu
You are talking nonsense
Your Majesty
The minister is willing to bet with the prince
If the prince could use the killing field as a topic
Compose a poem from the past on the spot
I am willing to kneel down and apologize on the spot
If not
The minister cannot be promoted for him
Mr. Fang keeps saying that I have no ink on my chest
ignorant
I will teach Mr. Fang today
What is true poetry?